Getting Started with Form (#1485)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/Getting Started with Form.md

> The Form component displays fields from data objects as a collection of label-editor pairs. You can process the form data, validate it, and send to a server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Form component displays fields from data objects as a collection of label-editor pairs and allows users to edit them. You can process the form data, validate it, and send it to a server.
```

> This tutorial shows how to add the Form to a page, create form items, adjust them, validate items data and submit the form. As a result, you will get a widget that looks as follows:

Reviewer 2: A screenshot from the final form or a live form(!) can increase interest here
Something like https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Getting_Started_with_DataGrid/

Author: This is not a screenshot, but a real working app. I'm working on it at the moment. As soon as I finish, the source code will be available here: https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-form/

> This tutorial shows how to add the Form to a page, create form items, adjust them, validate items data and submit the form. As a result, you will get a widget that looks as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to configure basic Form features. As a result, you will get a UI component that looks as follows:
```
